# C++ Monte Carlo Simulation Rewrite
## Description
This is a C++ rewrite of the Monte Carlo particle simulation Python code.

## Using the Script
* Download and open the file *hernandez_luis_mcsim.cpp*
* In the `main` function of the file, adjust the parameters `cutoff`, `reduced_temperature`, `num_steps`, `max_displacement`, `freq` as needed. By default, the particle coordinates used are coming from the file in `../data/sample_config1.txt`. This provides the values for `coords` and `box_length`.
* save the file
* In a terminal execute the commmand: 
    * *g++ hernandez_luis_mcsim.cpp -o hernandez_luis_mcsim*
* Execute the command: 
    * *./hernandez_luis_mcsim*
* Successful run should provide `total_energy` of the system at the respective number of `steps` of the simulation

## Reflection

### Approach
To rewrite the simulation from Python to C++, each python function was first rewritten in C++ and tested to make sure that the same values were being generated by the Python and C++ versions of the code. From there, all of the functions were incorporated into one code. The arguments and data types were checked to make sure the code looked correct. The C++ simulation was ran to make sure it worked.

### Observations
Initially, the Python and C++ versions of the `calculate_tail_correction` function gave values that were 0.09 off. It was observed that the code in C++ had a division step written as 1/3. Once that was changed to 1.0/3.0, the correction provided by the C++ code aligned with the Python number. Additionally, we received a "Segmentation Fault" error when first running the C++ simulation. It was pointed out that we had put in `num_steps` as an argument instead of `num_particles` in a `random_integer` leading to the error. Once that was fixed, the simulation ran smoothly.

#### Author
Luis Hernandez