# Reflection

### Approach
The best way that I found to approach translating our Python Monte Carlo simulation of aa Lennard Jones fluid was to write the code side-by-side using the rules of C++. First, I wanted to ensure that my C++ code would be easier to read and write so I ended up writing the `using namespace std;` line to expedite the process. Each team member took a separate function and began re-writing their sections while checking for functionality of the lines. After that, it was fairly straightforward to confer with the other members of the group and compile the functions into a running simulation. 

### Discussion
While process was strightforward, it was not simple. There were a lot of small errors that led to running, but not working simulation. Some key concepts that were missed were that C++ does basic math functions differently than python and types were key to the accuracy of the code. One key error that emerged was the accidental use of `num_steps` in place of `num_particles` which led to a `segmentation error` suggesting there was a memory error, which since `num_steps` is much greater than `num_particles`, there was! Our final numbers were a lot less precise than the numbers obtained with the python version of the same code, though the processing time was a lot faster - it only takes a few seconds as opposed to over a minute. There is, apparently, a way to get more decimal places from the C++ number, however it is not necessary for the purpose of this class. The numbers themselves seem to be within a smaller range of ouput values as well with a majority of the variance in the thousandths place; in the python code it varied more in the tenths and hundredths places.
